CLI 1.2.0 Release Notes and doc changes (excl. CI/CD) (#422)
astronomer/docs: astro/test-and-troubleshoot-locally.md

For example, the Apache Airflow command for viewing your entire configuration is `airflow config list`. To run this command with the Astro CLI, you would run `astrocloud dev run config list` instead.

> ## Test DAGs Using Pytests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test DAGs Locally with pytest
```

> As an alternative to testing your DAGs in an Airflow environment, you can run a minimal Python environment and test DAG code using pytests. This type of testing is faster and optimized for catching code-level errors that might not be immediately detectable in a local Airflow environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enhance the testing experience for data pipelines, Astro supports a series of features that enables users to run unit tests for all DAGs in an Astro project with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.0.x/index.html#), a testing framework for Python. These tests can be executed quickly in a local Airflow environment and are optimized to catch code-level errors that may not be easily detectable otherwise.
```

> By default, Astro projects created via `astrocloud dev init` include a DAG integrity test that checks whether tasks have required arguments, DAG IDs are unique, DAGs have no cycles, and more using Airflow's DagBag.

Author: I'd also add that it checks your python/DAG code for general import and syntax errors

> By default, Astro projects created via `astrocloud dev init` include a DAG integrity test that checks whether tasks have required arguments, DAG IDs are unique, DAGs have no cycles, and more using Airflow's DagBag.
> 
> To run the default pytest and any other pytests in your `tests` directory, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all Astro projects include a `tests` directory in which you can store custom pytests. To start, all projects include one DAG integrity test called ` test_dag_integrity.py` that was built by Astronomer. For all DAGs, this test checks that:

- All Airflow tasks have required arguments.
- DAG IDs are unique across the Astro project.
- DAGs have no cycles.
- There are no general import or syntax errors.

To run this default test and any others in your `tests` directory locally, run the following Astro CLI command:
```

```sh
astrocloud dev pytest
```

> For more information about running pytests, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-pytest.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about this command, see the [CLI Command Reference](cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-pytest.md).
```

Reviewer: It's not really more information about running it (that should be this doc that we're editing) -- it's more info about the command

> For more information about running pytests, see the [CLI Reference Guide](cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-pytest.md).

Reviewer: I'm gonna not review this section in detail but @sunkickr I'd like us to work through this and be more thorough and intentional about the guidance we give users on this... because it ROCKS.
